hi I'm Rachel from jetbrains and in this
video we'll learn how to debug
JavaScript in webstorm if you have a
very simple application you could set up
debugging and webstorm in just a few
clicks let's get ready by setting a
breakpoint
then we'll navigate to an HTML page
we'll use the context menu to select
debug and the name of your HTML page in
this case bank account this
automatically creates debug
configuration goes into debug mode and
launches the browser
alternatively you can use a keyboard
shortcut ctrl shift f10 on Windows or
ctrl shift D on the Mac
go ahead and test and verify that it
works in this video you've seen how to
set up debugging for webstorm thanks for
watching